the stage of the beaujoire is full for
this nantes auerre superb posters of
this league day 2 of Nantes
led by aristea guetta and djordjevic
In tip
the team of auxerre who wants to play
the shot to the bottom even if she can not anymore
get nothing from this championship
the giga and 10th of the ranking nine points
advanced on the red zone but a lot
late laps on the head of the
ranking to believe in a rise in
league 1 the auxerrois will be
important referees in this championship
nantes turned 70 years old
on the occasion of this match and auxerre a
want to ruin the party
the first opportunity yet
Nantes with this shot from afar that passes
its just next to vincent bessat
auxerre responds on this free kick from
steven langil the difficult parade of
rémy riou and nantes who hopes to ride
in league 1 they are second to fifth
points of monaco the leader angers and
two points behind when three points
behind then you really have to
win and serge gakpé unblocks the
situation hits outstanding at the
half hour of play for the international
Togolese
olivier sorin the keeper of auxerre does not
can do nothing
he is a little too short and nantes leads
1 0 Nantes who insists on scoring
the second goal with aristea guetta in
the area of ​​repair
they forget djordjevic right next to
he wanted to put this ball between
the legs of his rank we play
now the game stops the
first period and the ball that
ends at the bottom of goal nets
incredible rudy free kick shooter
haddad no one touched this balloon
rudy haddad that allows auxerre
to equalize just before the return to
changing rooms 1 goal everywhere
it's his second goal of the season
at half-time nantes and trap on his
lawn by a team of auxerre
catchy this is the first time
the story that both teams
clash with nantes in league 2 under
their guard issa cissokho hurt for this
match the Nantes people who insist
second period
superb parade sorin the nantais who
are the best of the championship at
home one defeat in front of their
public
the referee designates the penalty spot
for this contact
this is the decision of didier falcone is
the opportunity for djordjevic to scored his
18th goal of the season and the parade
sorin olive tree that allows auxerre to
stay at 1 everywhere
a lot of opportunities in this match a
meet a little crazy nantes who grows
to the end to try to win the
part
but the final score is a goal
everywhere Nantes has failed
celebrated as it should be their
birthday they will still have to
beat to hope to advance to league 1